Sudoku game that gives you a random puzzle to solve.
In order to solve it, you must first choose which position you wish to add a number to, by indicationg a row and column.
Then enter the number you want to place there.
Once the whole puzzle is solved, it will say if it is solved correctly or not.
If it is correct you may choose to start a new puzzle or not. If it is wrong you may start over or choose a new one.


<br>CONTENT TEMPLATE</br>

1.About the project
    This project was developed for entretainment and learning purposes. The objective was to relearn and review Python as well as learning to use Git. 
    In order to make this a fun project, I chose to create a sudoku which is something that I enjoy and therefore would like doing. This project is shown in console and has no GUI.
    
    *Built with
        This project was created using Python.
    
2.Prerequisites
    The project uses Python 3.
    
3.Use
    To use this project, first save or clone it to your desktop. After that, run the program from the terminal, make sure you have Python installed.
    The program will then show you a sudoku puzzle chosen at random and ask you for a row number, then it will ask for a column number and finally, the value you wish to put in the position you selected.
    If the postion does not have a previous value, the number input will be added to the grid. If the position selected had a predetermined value, you will be asked to choose a new position. In the case that the position had a value you previously input, you will be asked if you are sure you want to change that value and give you the option to cancel or change the number.
    When the value is added to the puzzle the program will then again ask for the position and number values until the puzzle is completed.
    Once the puzzle is completely solved, the program will check your solution and tell you if it was completed successfully or not.

4.Roadmap
    *Start program.
    *Input row, column and value.
    *Choose new position or value depending on position input.
    *Fill puzzle until complete.
    *Check if solution is correct or not.